3)The sequence diagram includes three more lifelines in addition to the actor (Customer) (UIController, DomainController, and EntityManger). The actor goes to the signup page and uses the user interface to enter his information and create an account. The customer information is subsequently provided by the UIController to the DomainController for registration. Before the user account is fully established and saved in the EntityManager, the necessary data is authenticated. The sign-up process is simply shown step by step in the sequence diagram.There are also filters on the website with the help of which the user can find the product according his choice, requirements, models and price. When the user finds the product that he/she want to buy then the user needs to add this product to the cart. 

 
4) The actor (Customer), the three primary lifelines (UIController, DomainController, and EntityManger), and additional lifelines that make up the order creation are all represented in the sequence diagram. This flow chart provides a visual illustration of the steps involved in creating an order, from logging in to choosing a product, customising it as needed, choosing quantity, adding a delivery address, and finally receiving prices and placing an order.
Modeling actually provides a clear visual depiction of a system or piece of software for understanding. The class diagram and sequence diagram from the UML were used to reverse engineer the signup and order creation processes on this website..For making an order the user needs to take a look over all the products which is displayed on the website in very organized and interesting ways. Every product has the description about in it in detail which clears every doubt of the user. There are also filters on the website with the help of which the user can find the product according his choice, requirements, models and price. When the user finds the product that he/she want to buy then the user needs to add this product to the cart. 